                                                                        Very first post. WELCOME!


Hi, call me Adioseight!
This is my very first project on this platform, it will be my pleasure if you like that!

now, let´s get start it!

Did u hear about Dual/multiboot ?
No ?

You´re on the right place!

Let´s do this but first requirements!

You need PC with Windows
Enough space on C: disk (50 Gb)
USB external device (8 Gb)
Secure boot turn on (You will find out Win + r, you will write msinfo32 and find the secure boot info, without this feature is not possible do that)
UEFI



For first 
Why dualboot?
You can have on your PC both OS´s in my case Linux Ubuntu and Microsoft Windows, that means discover a new OS, features or properties and many reasons.

Ok.
How to do it?

Back up your present datas, it´s important, when you do every disk oprations i strong recommended back up your files.
U can use Macrium reflect or windows official utility, Windows easy transfer program.

Ok, did it!

You need externel memory (USB flash disk). 

Ok, download Ubuntu file from Ubuntu website here https://ubuntu.com/download/desktop. 
Or other OS of course, it´s only reccomandation.

Download installer here https://www.pendrivelinux.com/universal-usb-installer-easy-as-1-2-3/.

        1st step.
Insert the USB device into the port and turn on UUI program.
In menu, choose Ubuntu.

        2nd step.
find an ISO. file when you have downloaded

        3rd step
you will format external USB disk

After attention displayed click ok YES.

You have prepared USB drive.

ok, that´s not all yet.

if you´re in Windows go to the (win + R)-(diskmgmt.msc) Disk management and on C: drive shrink volume on that. I recommended at least 70 GB.
This space on C: disk you will use on Ubuntu install later!

ok, restart your PC, and go to the boot menu (esc, f12) on manufacter of motherboard or notebook matter which button do you need, in this case find out on google.

and boot from USB external driver.

You will see Ubuntu install window.

1. install Ubuntu (not try)
2. choose your region or language
3. install OS, (please be still connect to electricity and internet, beware on that!)

!!!!The most important final step! Click on something other or other disk option!!!!!!
You will install this OS on your shrink on C: drive!

That´s all
Thanks for your attention

